---
layout: article
title:  "JSONUtil 1.9.2 released"
date:   2016-08-17 18:00:00
categories: release JSONUtil
comments: false
---
JSONUtil 1.9.2 has been released.  Get it [here](/JSONUtil/)

This is another minor release to fix some minor bugs that nobody was likely to notice, improve reflection performance and add some minor features.

For JMX MBean users, the Locale setting now works properly and has been renamed LocaleLanguageTag.  This allows you to view and modify the Locale via a IETF BCP 47 language tag.  The set worked properly before but the get did not.  It does now.

Reflection users can now change the names of fields when they are encoded in JSON.  For example if a field is named "foo" in the object but you want it called "bar" in the JSON output, you can create an alias for it by using selective reflection with a JSONReflectedClass object and setting a fieldAliases Map in the constructor or via a setter to map the names.

Performance has been improved for creating new JSONConfig objects when selective reflection classes are set by default as well as when cloning JSONConfig objects.

The addReflectClassByName(String) which was previously only available in JSONConfigDefaults is now also available in regular JSONConfig as a convenience method since you can use it to add field selection or field aliases in one string without creating a separate collection or alias map by hand.

If you're using Java 7 or earlier, download the jars with your Java version number. Otherwise just get the regular jars that don't have a Java version in their name. They require a minimum of Java 8.

The binaries are also available at the [Maven Central Repository](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cgav%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.kopitubruk.util%22%20AND%20a%3A%22JSONUtil%22)
